Welcome to the two hundred and thirty-sixth Wednesdays with Bob video! In this English lesson I talk about the season of fall. 
Remember even though this isn't a traditional English lesson, it is still a great way to practice your English listening skills! Thanks for being members!

TRANSCRIPT:
Well, hello and welcome to Wednesdays with Bob. 
Remember, even though this isn't a traditional English lesson, there are word for word English subtitles if you need to turn them on and a complete English transcript in the description below.

Well I'm out here, not in the woods, but on the side of the road by the woods or the forest, or sometimes in Canada, we call it the bush. 
And I just wanted to show you that, it's fall. 
I think yesterday was the first day of fall, or maybe it's today. 
But, it certainly is fall here. 
In fact, I feel like it's a little bit early. 
It's a little early for the leaves to be turning color. 
In fact, I think some of them are actually brown. 
I don't know if it's the natural fall color or if it's a result, or because we had a drought this year in Ontario, Canada, in my part of Ontario, Canada.

So I think it's probably a combination of the two. 
It's obviously September. 
Was it the 22nd today? 23rd. 
It's actually September 23rd, I think. 
I still can't really read that. 
I need my reading glasses. 
Let's just go with the 23rd. 
And it is fall. 
Although most years the leaves don't start to turn color until closer to October. 
So, this is kind of new, I think. 
They're not totally turning, but certainly you can see some browns and some reddish colors in there. 
A little bit of orange, a little bit of yellow. 
It's actually quite beautiful. 
I should plan to go for a hike this weekend. 
That is one of the best things about fall.

Oh, by the way. 
Yeah. 
There's even trucks. 
When I'm out in the middle of the country, when Bob tries to make a video, that truck is hauling a load of lumber. 
It looks like probably for some building project somewhere. 
But, yeah, still on the truck theme a little bit.

What was I saying? Can't remember. 
Oh, fall is one of the best times to be outside. 
Not only is it beautiful, but it's also usually quite cool. 
Today I think it's about 23 degrees. 
I've just popped out of work briefly, to come and make this little English lesson. 
You can see my, car's right there. 
I'm actually on a little side road, we would call this. 
There's a side road, off the main road that I use to get to work. 
So I drove by this this morning and I thought I should come and, shoot this video. 
Here. 
But here's what I mean by some of the leaves are actually quite brown. 
Like, to me, this is normal, like the yellow. 
But this, to me, looks like not a normal fall color. 
Like, the tree actually just maybe didn't have enough water, and so it's looking a little bit rough.

So, anyways, thanks for being members. 
Thanks for watching these Wednesdays with Bob videos, and I'll try to do as many as I can outside as the, great, beautiful Canadian trees start to turn color. 
Thanks a lot. 
See you next week with another Wednesdays with Bob. 
Bye.

⌛ Remember:  Always watch the video three times. 
 Twice today with the English subtitles on, and once tomorrow with the English subtitles off. 
 This will reinforce the English you have learned!
